stable/nginx-ingress repo is deprecated so updated it with the latest… (#399)
cert-manager/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/acme/ingress.md

Happy Helming!
```

Add the latest helm repository for the ingress-nginx
```bash
$ helm repo add ingress-nginx https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx
```

Update the helm repository with the latest charts:

```bash
$ helm repo update
Hang tight while we grab the latest from your chart repositories...
...Skip local chart repository
...Successfully got an update from the "stable" chart repository

> ...Successfully got an update from the "stable" chart repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...Successfully got an update from the "ingress-nginx" chart repository
```

might be more logic

Author: good catch 🙏  thank you @meyskens, I have just done it.
